docs(SRV): add jobs documentation MTA-3846 (#2367)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/jobs/quickstart.mdx

       - Enter a **name** or use the automatically generated one. The name can only contain lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes.
    - Enter a **description** (optional).
    - Select the region in which your job will be created.
    - Choose the smallest **resources** available to allocate to your job.
    - In the **Advanced options**, set the following starup command:
        ```
        echo "Hello world!"
        ```
    <Message type="note">
      Refer to [How to deploy a Job from an external container registry](/serverless/jobs/how-to/create-job-from-external-registry) for more information on the different parameters.
    </Message>
6. Click **Create a job definition** to finish.

## How to run a job

1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Jobs page displays.

2. Click the name of the Job you want to run.

3. From the **Overview** tab, click **Run job**.

The execution appears in the **Job runs** section of the **Overview** tab.

<Message type="note">
  Refer to [How to monitor a job](/serverless/jobs/how-to/monitor-job/) to see the logs of the job you just executed.
</Message>

## How to delete a job

> 1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Jobs page displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The jobs page displays.
```
not sure again

---
meta:
  title: Jobs - Quickstart
  description: This page shows you how to get started with Scaleway Serverless Jobs
content:
  h1: Jobs - Quickstart
  paragraph: This page shows you how to get started with Scaleway Jobs
tags: jobs serverless namespace
dates:
  validation: 2023-11-07
  posted: 2023-11-07
categories:
  - serverless
  - jobs
---

> Scaleway's Serverless Jobs allow you to run recurring tasks in the cloud. A Job is composed of a job definition, and some job runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scaleway's Serverless Jobs allow you to run recurring tasks in the cloud. A Job is composed of a job definition, which is used as a template to create job runs.
```

This page explains how to create a job definition with the latest Alpine Linux image, how to execute it and delete it.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) 
  - You have [signed up to the private beta](https://www.scaleway.com/en/betas/#serverless-jobs) and received a confirmation email.
</Message>

## How to create a job definition

You can create a job either from the Scaleway Container Registry or any other public container registry (Docker Hub, AWS Container registries, GitLab container registry, etc.).

> ### From the Scaleway Container Registry

Reviewer 2: I propose we keep this quick-start as simple as possible, just using an external registry for now, then link to the specific docs on Scaleway registry.

<Message type="note">
  Make sure that you have [created a Container Registry namespace](/containers/container-registry/how-to/create-namespace/) and [pushed the latest Alpine Linux Docker image](/containers/container-registry/how-to/push-images/) to it.
</Message>

1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Jobs page displays.

2. Click **+ Create job**.

3. Complete the following steps in the wizard:

>     - Select the **Scaleway** Container Registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Select the **External** Container Registry.
```

>     - Select the appropriate **Registry namespace** from the drop-down list, and then select the `alpine` **container** and `latest` **tag**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Enter `alpine:latest` as the image name.
```

    - Enter a **name** or use the automatically generated one. The name can only contain lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes.
    - Enter a **description** (optional).
    - Select the region in which your job will be created.
    - Choose the smallest **resources** available to allocate to your job.
    - In the **Advanced options**, set the following starup command:
        ```

>         ls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        echo "Hello Serverless Jobs!"
```

        ```
    <Message type="note">

>       Refer to [How to create a Job from the Scaleway Registry](ADD LINK!!!!!!) for more information on the different parameters.

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to add this link

## From an external registry

1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Jobs page displays.

2. Click **+ Create job**.

3. Complete the following steps in the wizard:
    - Select the **External** container registry.
    - Enter `docker.io/library/alpine:latest` in the image URL field.
       - Enter a **name** or use the automatically generated one. The name can only contain lowercase alphanumeric characters and dashes.
    - Enter a **description** (optional).
    - Select the region in which your job will be created.
    - Choose the smallest **resources** available to allocate to your job.
    - In the **Advanced options**, set the following starup command:
        ```
        ls
        ```
    <Message type="note">
      Refer to [How to deploy a Job from an external container registry](ADD LINK!!!!!!) for more information on the different parameters.
    </Message>
6. Click **Create a job definition** to finish.

## How to run a job

1. Click **Jobs** in the **Serverless** section of the side menu. The Jobs page displays.

2. Click the name of the Job you want to run.

3. From the **Overview** tab, click **Run job**.

> The execution appears in the **Job runs** section of the **Overview** tab once it is complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution appears in the **Job runs** section of the **Overview** tab along with its status.
```
